# Contributor Meetings

## ODS 2.0

| Meeting     | Date  | Description                          |
| :---------- | :---- | :----------------------------------- |
| Working Group Meeting #1 <br> <ul><li>[Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/136Q-CtThzyqim1DeqzCsGv4wrZ7T5aN6/view?usp=drive_link)</li><br><li>[Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J8-_xcnWJ0Vu3pqlI3OO9-1v9vMUkl1-E5zFtBeUgl0/edit?usp=drive_link)</li></ul> | 7 Feb 2024 | Review of proposed spec changes for ODS v2.0. |
| Working Group Meeting #2 <br> <ul><li>[Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dG_XjNaqhL2nHK3Ewg-SNuRCZUuXKpDW/view?usp=drive_link)</li><br><li>[Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WZVbj28DThvyiV-bIl3Ds0Dxy_XgnFHSDwjx0oSG1QM/edit?usp=drive_link)</li></ul> | 27 Feb 2024 | Finalizing structure of "GTFS-supplemental" approach for ODS v2.0. |
| Working Group Meeting #3 <br> <ul><li>[Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18FsVtNnN04Dao05AFpH6McgZcf89Ct2lXNNSJeMPxbk/edit?usp=drive_link)</li></ul> | 4 Apr 2024 | Review of and feedback on Run Events proposal; decide next steps on "GTFS-supplemental" proposal. |

## ODS 1.0

| Meeting     | Date  | Description                          |
| :---------- | :---- |:----------------------------------- |
| [Working Group Meeting #1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1y_xF002j0NJxt-pGTO2bR473rKWrNUzWvNZLncsbAXQ/edit?usp=sharing) | 20 Jul 2021 | Confirmation of need. |
| Stakeholder Scoping Meetings | Aug 2021 | Individual meetings with stakeholders to get detailed needs and scoping input. |
| [Working Group Meeting #2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1x5cGNhLIBuYv_VM_Spdy85Vn7rWIDtlGSPsvDHTdjsI/edit?usp=drive_link) | Aug 2021 | Scope confirmation and process confirmation for spec development. |
| [Working Group Meeting #3](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1z2sgo3tA7JtLwSz9F6BFbbWrNK23gi8u5TdYsx30loc/edit?usp=drive_link) |  28 Sep 2021 | [Personnel Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IL1mKME88M9jLHyyr545E1dLKWTdbRdt7OWihxgRjjI/edit?usp=drive_link) <br /> [Meeting #3 notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fs1eRlKEDyKXCprV8pmDrr3QBMtuLczhvoG7t7Fn72w/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| [Working Group Meeting #4](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14A_j6A1ZqsaoNp_POVNWJb4Mu9-d_iO_0mdq-GJ7RSY/edit?usp=drive_link) | 19 Oct 2021 | [Facilities Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p-fDePrnLBjJoceXLEbbYR1dPLwt6aoE26osMcp5NsQ/edit?usp=drive_link) <br /> [Meeting #4 video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XeUm1QTEWUPXkge5GnVVbnwF6AmBY6ER/view?usp=drive_link) |
| Working Group Meeting #5 |  16 Nov 2021 | [Runcutting, Layovers, +  Deadheads Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GmBdo39QHIqD0MoPGT6RPyvkuxHYWQWXRi_rTOUYhpg/edit?usp=drive_link) |
| Working Group Meeting #6 |  21 Dec 2021 | Adoption of v1 framework <br /> [Meeting #6 video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LAaAWFUjvPCTMvRs_1PhNT4WZZmcWbsZ/view?usp=drive_link) |
| [Working Group Meeting #7](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p7qJSq5Ray07UZ_BNovW4MViXPZQi0by65ZbLDxNySk/edit?usp=drive_link) | 22 Feb 2022 | Discussion of Upcoming Implementation Steps <br /> [Meeting #7 video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eiHYiwoUsjXVFFChWB7dqf8fSo1k-mxz/view?usp=drive_link) |
| Working Group Meeting #8 | 3 May 2022 | Reconsideration of v1 framework and adoption of 1.0.0 <br /> [Meeting #8 video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Eh_DJj1_9Copb0xHiFXSNBaS7My1UUsw/view?usp=drive_link) |
